If you were president for a day, what would be your first action to the country?
What's your favorite song and why?
What's 1 idea that you have changed your mind on throughout the years?
There are people who say the Holocaust never happened, what do you say to those people?
Do you think people can change, why or why not?
What is one loss you took in your life that eventually turned out to be a win?
Do you think shyness can be cured?
Make a case for cats being better than dogs to a dog person.
Why do you think people struggle with creating Toastmasters Table Topics questions?
How come people grow apart?
What would you change about the modern school system?
Do you think impromptu speaking should be taught in school?
What role do you think sports plays in culture?
How much do you think fashion influences psychology?
What's your take on the 'never judge a book by its cover' saying?
Why do you think someone struggles with low self-esteem?
Despite vast technological, economical and innovative progress, why do you think depression is on the rise for the masses?
How important is weight lifting to living a happy life?
Can people who disagree on politics be married?
What's one hobby you have that allows you to relax?
What's one thing you wished you learned sooner?
Do you think it's important to learn to public speak at a young age?
Can enemies ever become friends?
Define 'trust' in your own words.
Is technology an overall net positive or net negative for society?
What would be your advice to someone who is having career issues due to a mean boss?
Give a pep talk to a shy kid who is resisting going to an important networking event.
What is your opinion of the Tik Tok app?
What type of music do you like the most and why?
Do you think charities do more harm than good?
What's the most important step to calm down a person who is angry?
Which subject do you wish you were taught in school?
Should meditation be a mandatory practice for entrepreneurs?
What's your favorite movie and why?
How important is traveling to speeding up maturation in a person?
Do you think shaming serves a role in culture?
Do you think it would be a good thing or a bad thing if people could remember their dreams?
What's your take on 'speak up for those who don't have a voice'?
Do you think intelligence is fixed or can anyone become smarter with desire?
What's the biggest difference between victor and victim mentality?
How many friends do you think is optimal for a person to have? Explain your rationale.
Do you believe in luck?
If you could live anywhere besides where you live now, where would it be?
Should adults read fiction, why or why not?
What's your take on the self-improvement industry?
Why do you think people have fears?
What do you think is more important for success, IQ scores, curiosity, or are they unable to be compared?
Define what you think the 'highlight reel culture' means.
What book have you reread? If there isn't any, which book would you reread?
Would you ever go sky diving, why or why not?
Do you think coding should be taught at an early age?
Do you think the Toastmasters Table Topics section is a good or destructive feature of the Toastmasters club?
Is social media overall good or bad for society?
Which person inspires you and why?
How would you define intent?
What came first, the chicken or the egg?
Can creativity be taught, why or why not?
Do you think flying cars will ever be a thing?
Can science and religion coexist?
How would you advise someone to attend their first Toastmasters meeting?
What's more important, speaking or listening?
If you could have 1 superpower, what would it be?
Do you think ebooks will ever replace physical books?
Why do you think lottery winners often go broke?
Should everyone write at least 1 book in their life?
What's the greatest gift a parent can give to their child?
Do you think PowerPoints are good for a speech or does it distract from the message?
Can friends be friends if they vehemently disagree on politics?
Should public speakers practice writing?
What's your #1 advice for someone who has no clue what they want to do for a living in the future?
How important is imagination for the learning process?
Propose a few ways for kids to improve their social skills.
What are some ways adults can become funnier?
Do you believe in participation trophies?
Which subject should every adult know?
What are a few ways to build grit & consistency?
Why do some people complain more than others despite facing less pain?
Do you think most companies should allow their employees to work from home?
What advice do you have for someone at rock bottom?
Is too much empathy a bad thing?
Are people capable of getting brainwashed? Why do you think that is?
Give some tips on how to network more effectively.
Is positive thinking a good or bad thing?
Explain the dark sides of a field that you enjoy.
What's one thing you would change about the Toastmasters Pathways Program?